What is meant by Algorithm Analysis?
Algorithm analysis is an important part of computational complexity theory, which provides theoretical estimation for the required resources of an algorithm to 
solve a specific computational problem. Analysis of algorithms is the determination of the amount of time and space resources required to execute it.

Why Analysis of Algorithms is important?

1. To predict the behavior of an algorithm without implementing it on a specific computer.
2. It is much more convenient to have simple measures for the efficiency of an algorithm than to implement the algorithm and test the efficiency every 
   time a certain parameter in the underlying computer system changes.
3. It is impossible to predict the exact behavior of an algorithm. There are too many influencing factors.
4. The analysis is thus only an approximation; it is not perfect.
5. More importantly, by analyzing different algorithms, we can compare them to determine the best one for our purpose.

Types of Algorithm Analysis :
1. Best case
2. Worst case
3. Average case

What is meant by Algorithm Analysis?
Algorithm analysis is an important part of computational complexity theory, which provides theoretical estimation for the required resources of an algorithm to solve a specific computational problem. Analysis of algorithms is the determination of the amount of time and space resources required to execute it.

Why Analysis of Algorithms is important?
To predict the behavior of an algorithm without implementing it on a specific computer.
It is much more convenient to have simple measures for the efficiency of an algorithm than to implement the algorithm and test the efficiency every time a certain parameter in the underlying computer system changes.
It is impossible to predict the exact behavior of an algorithm. There are too many influencing factors.
The analysis is thus only an approximation; it is not perfect.
More importantly, by analyzing different algorithms, we can compare them to determine the best one for our purpose.
Types of Algorithm Analysis :
Best case
Worst case
Average case
